Spidey starts off by stopping a bank robbery by Shocker and Flint Marko, which gets TOMBSTONE upset, because he organized the whole thing. Tombstone is in the middle of a savage gang war with KINGPIN. A MYSTERIOUS BENEFACTOR reveals to Tombstone that he has a plan to help him. Tombstone agrees to work with this mystery man. Together they begin re-outfitting supervillains with superior weapons and sending them after Spider-Man for a $90 million bounty.

Spider-Man encounters THE RHINO with an improved suit early on and during the collateral damage of fighting him, Aunt May is injured and put into the hospital. Peter then tries to find something really photo-worthy to sell to the bugle and pay for her medical bills, doing an entire in-game mission searching for things to photograph and coming up short. Peter then meets up with his best friend Harry Osborn for someone to talk to in his sadness. While Peter and Harry hang out, KINGPIN is off having a meeting with a representative of Tombstone. Kingpin murders him with his bare hands and someone unknown snaps a photo of it. Back to Harry and Peter, Peter finds Harry acting suspicious and tails him in Secret as Spider-Man. Peter finds out that Harry is on drugs, which he’s buying from the gang members associated with Tombstone. He becomes racked with grief in not knowing how to confront him.

He then finds the photo of Kingpin murdering a criminal in the Daily Bugle credited to his name. He DID NOT take the picture and races to the Bugle to find out who did send in the photo. He realizes he’s been framed and now Kingpin’s men begin searching for Peter Parker.

Peter fights a second supervillain, The VULTURE with new powers that’s holding hostages in Time’s Square. He barely defeats him and then attempts to go to school, but finds that he did not complete his homework and feels as if he’s being followed. Peter is then jumped on his way home from school and has to fend off Kingpin’s men without revealing that he’s Spider-Man. So he mostly runs away from them after giving them some lucky shots to the groin.

After changing to Spider-Man, he finds out that his home is being watched at all hours and he can’t go back there. After being sideswiped mid-swing as Spider-Man by THE BEETLE with a new suit and weapons, he defeats him in a fight in the air. He then has a bit of a breakdown because he can’t be seen in public as Spidey OR Peter Parker. He then opts to stay with Harry at his penthouse apartment in the Oscorp tower. On his way through the lobby, Peter hears of an “alien entity that Oscorp obtained the license to dissect” which will foreshadow later game updates. Peter confronts Harry about his drug abuse in a very emotional scene and Harry reveals that he just misses the attention of his father who has been missing in the months since Peter last fought him. Peter has a brief flashback to this encounter. He confides in Harry and tells him that the Bugle erroneously credited him to the Kingpin photo and the retraction they printed the next day has not made him feel any safer.

After chasing down and beating THE BLACK CAT, Peter decides he has to figure out how to stop this gang war because it’s tearing him… and the city… apart. The streets become dangerous and more populated with criminals than civilians. The police are overwhelmed. Peter thinks the first step should be to clear his name. He sneaks into the building adjacent Kingpin’s tower and looks through a backlog of security footage in a stealth mission. He finds that the person who took the photo was clearly not him, being that it’s the BLACK CAT. Peter now knows that Tombstone had something to do with him being set up as a target for Kingpin. He worries that Tombstone knows his identity. Upon receiving this evidence, he has to fight his way back out of the building when Kingpin discovers Spider-Man is there after spotting across the street through a window. Parker luck amIright? Peter manages to get the hell out and takes the footage to the bugle to leave anonymously and clear his name. He also finds that Harry has had an overdose and gone to the hospital, leaving Pete with a decision on whether to visit him or go straight to the bugle with the footage.

After this, Peter takes the fight to Tombstone and goes after him, facing a gauntlet of bad guys and villains before getting to slap that Albino-crime-boss silly. Spidey interrogates him on who was supplying the bad guys with new weapons and Tombstone finally drops Osborn’s name.

Spider-Man hunts down the Goblin, who has been operating in secret for months. The Goblin reveals that he also paid Black Cat to take the photo, setting up Kingpin, Tombstone, and Spider-Man against each other in a triangle of conflict so he could take over the city when they were all gone and use the villains he powered up as his personal army. Spidey defeats the Goblin and has him detained in Shield custody. Norman Osborn is still reported as missing to the press so he doesn’t see fit to reveal Peter’s identity to the public being that his is not threatened. Harry either gives Peter the money to pay for Aunt May’s hospital bills if Peter strengthens their friendship, or Peter steals money from Tombstone’s office after beating him should he ignore Harry. Aunt May is fine and Peter can go back to his life again, albeit having missed a week of school he has a hard time keeping his grades up. The End.